Multiple advertising sets sample (#6395)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/multiple_adv_sets/README.rst

.. _multiple_adv_sets:

Bluetooth: Multiple advertising sets
####################################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The Multiple advertising sets sample demonstrates how to use the Bluetooth® advertising sets.

Overview
********

> The sample implements two advertising sets:
>   * Non-connectable advertising with the URI to the https://www.nordicsemi.com website in the advertising data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample implements two advertising sets:

  * Non-connectable advertising with the URI to the https://www.nordicsemi.com website in the advertising data.
```

>     It shows the Bluetooth® Broadcaster role (*Beacon*) functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It shows the Bluetooth Broadcaster role (*Beacon*) functionality.
```
You only need the trademark sign for the first instance of Bluetooth.

Author: Ok, done

  * Connectable advertising with the 16-bit UUID of the Device Information GATT Service in the advertising data.

>     It show the Bluetooth® Peripheral role functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It shows the Bluetooth Peripheral role functionality.
```

Author: Done

> When started, the sample creates two advertising sets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you start the sample, it creates two advertising sets.
```

Author: Done

> You can use the scanner device to check it.
> On your scanner device you can observe two advertisers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use your scanner device to observe the two advertisers:

```

Author: Done

The first one with the ``Nordic Beacon`` name.
You can use it to open the Nordic website.
The second one with the ``Nordic multi adv sets`` name.

> You can use it to establish connection with the device.

Author: Ok

Use your central device to establish the connection with this sample.

> When connected, the non-connectable advertiser will be still presented on your scanner device.
> After disconnection the connectable advertising starts again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When connected, the non-connectable advertiser is still presented on your scanner device.
After disconnection, the connectable advertising starts again.
```

Author: Done

> Requirements

Author: Done

> Requirements

Reviewer: I don't think you moved the Requirements section yet.

************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-rows:: /includes/sample_board_rows.txt
   :header: heading
   :rows: nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp_and_cpuapp_ns, nrf52840dk_nrf52840, nrf52dk_nrf52832, nrf52833dk_nrf52833, nrf52833dk_nrf52820, nrf21540dk_nrf52840

User interface
**************

LED 1:
   Blinks when the main loop is running (that is, the device is advertising) with a period of two seconds, duty cycle 50%.

LED 2:
   On when the development kit is connected.

Building and running
********************
.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/bluetooth/multiple_adv_sets`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

.. _multiple_adv_sets_testing:

Testing
=======

After programming the sample to your dongle or development kit, test it by performing the following steps:

1. |connect_terminal_specific|
#. Reset the kit.
#. Start the `nRF Connect for Mobile`_ application on your smartphone or tablet.
#. The device is advertising as ``Nordic multi adv sets`` and ``Nordic Beacon``.

> #. Choose the connectable variant and connect to the device from the nRF Connect application.

Author: Ok

> #. On the scanner tab check if ``Nordic Beacon`` still advertises.
>    You can use it to open the Nordic website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. On the :guilabel:`scanner` tab, check if ``Nordic Beacon`` still advertises.

   You can use it to open the nRF Beacon website.
   
```

Author: Done

#. Disconnect from the device.

> #. In the scanner tab check again if there is advertiser with the ``Nordic multi adv sets`` name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. In the :guilabel:`scanner` tab, check again if there is an advertiser with the name ``Nordic multi adv sets``.
```

Author: Done

Dependencies
************

This sample uses the following |NCS| libraries:

* :ref:`dk_buttons_and_leds_readme`

In addition, it uses the following Zephyr libraries:

* ``include/kernel.h``

> 

Author: Can be. I added it, however the DIS has empty header file

After disconnection, the connectable advertising starts again.

Requirements
************

The sample supports the following development kits:

.. table-from-rows:: /includes/sample_board_rows.txt
   :header: heading
   :rows: nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp_and_cpuapp_ns, nrf52840dk_nrf52840, nrf52dk_nrf52832, nrf52833dk_nrf52833, nrf52833dk_nrf52820, nrf21540dk_nrf52840

User interface
**************

LED 1:
   Blinks when the main loop is running (that is, the device is advertising) with a period of two seconds, duty cycle 50%.

LED 2:
   On when the development kit is connected.

Building and running
********************
.. |sample path| replace:: :file:`samples/bluetooth/multiple_adv_sets`

.. include:: /includes/build_and_run.txt

.. _multiple_adv_sets_testing:

Testing
=======

After programming the sample to your dongle or development kit, test it by performing the following steps:

1. |connect_terminal_specific|
#. Reset the kit.
#. Start the `nRF Connect for Mobile`_ application on your smartphone or tablet.

   The device is advertising as ``Nordic multi adv sets`` and ``Nordic Beacon``.

#. Select the connectable variant and connect to the device from the application.

> #. On the scanner tab check if ``Nordic Beacon`` still advertises.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. On the :guilabel:`scanner` tab check if ``Nordic Beacon`` still advertises.
```

Author: Done
